update code to align with table (#4753)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/metrics-overview.md

### Cumulative metrics 

> [Cumulative metrics](/docs/build/cumulative) aggregate a measure over a given window. If no window is specified, the window will accumulate the measure overall time. **Note**, you will need to create the [time spine model](/docs/build/metricflow-time-spine) before you add cumulative metrics.

Reviewer: See below for reasoning. There's probably a better way to word this, but "overall" is changing what we're saying.
```suggestion
[Cumulative metrics](/docs/build/cumulative) aggregate a measure over a given window. If no window is specified, the window will accumulate the measure over all of the recorded time period. Note that you will need to create the [time spine model](/docs/build/metricflow-time-spine) before you add cumulative metrics.
```

```yaml

> # Cumulative metrics aggregate a measure over a given window. The window is considered infinite if no window parameter is passed (accumulate the measure overall time)

Reviewer: The way this is intended to be read was correct as it was originally written. Over "all time" as in infinite time. The "overall" time is the total amount of time, although we can probably add a clarifying 'of' in there.
```suggestion
# Cumulative metrics aggregate a measure over a given window. The window is considered infinite if no window parameter is passed (accumulate the measure over all of time)
```

Author: oh yep, after re-reading this is a great catch, thank you!
